Thanks for the extensive conceptualization document.  I have some questions
about it.

Page 9 talks about a "common Game Data model defined in the Game Web
services API architecture", but this model is not mentioned again in the
document.  What information will be stored/represented by this model?  What
purpose does it serve?

Page 10 says, "Java or PHP-based technologies are preferred for this
application", but I'm uncertain as to the referent of "this application".
Are you talking about the CMS only, or the integration website, or the
games themselves as well?  We plan to use Flash for our game; if we do
migrate to a different language, it would probably be to HTML5 and
JavaScript.

Page 11 says, "The games will need to be compatible with the Gaming
Website architecture and APIs", but I didn't find a definition of this
architecture nor a description of the Gaming Website APIs.

Page 11 says, "Adaptive scheduling of games and game levels will be
implemented externally."  Who will implement this functionality:  the
integrator or the TA1 (game) teams?

I had similar questions at many other places in the document.  I would
personally find it helpful if you could find all the uses of passive voice,
and replace them all by active voice that indicates a specific actor who is
responsible.

Along similar lines, section 1.5 gives "Issues for the Next Phases of the
Application".  It seems that some of these are risks that are borne by the
integration team, and others are borne by the TA1 (game) teams.  If you
could split these apart, that would help me focus on the parts of the
document that are of most interest to me.  It would also help us to be
clear, from the beginning, about responsibilities, so that issues don't
fall through the cracks until it is too late.

Page 15 says, "Capability C1 (gaming community creation) can be provided by
using an off-the-shelf CMS and existing components."  I'm a bit concerned
about lack of integration with the game, and lack of access during
gameplay.  In a vibrant community, players connect with one another, and
learn from one another, during gameplay.  This requires chat functionality
integrated with the game, among other features.  Task requirement 4.4.28 on
page 85 states "It is assumed that blog will be a standalone system", which
seems to re-iterate lack of tight integration with gameplay.  Task
requirement 4.4.53 is even more concerning:  "Software verification games
for PC are implemented externally, so playing them is out of scope for this
conceptualization."  Task requirement 4.4.33 ("Platform messaging") is also
silent about integration with the game screen.  Does the integrator provide
an extra frame around the game?  Is messaging embedded inside the game
somehow -- say, in an extra window the game screen needs to make space for?
Do players have to select a different browser tab?  The latter would be bad
since the players wouldn't be able to see both the game and the messages
that refer to the game.  What about sharing of scripts and other game
elements?  If communication is clumsy, creating a community will be
problematic.

Page 20 says, "The System can automatically calculate skills of each user
based on their game play" and "The system can automatically schedule games
for a set of users by Adaptive Scheduling".  Who is responsible for this --
the integrator or the TA1 (game) team for the particular game?

As a general comment, I had to keep referring back to other parts of the
document to remind myself what "M1", "M2", etc. mean.  It might be nice to
give them more intuitive names, such as a single English word instead of a
digit between 1 and 5.
